Ansible 3.0.0 collection inclusion releated changes (#32)
ansible-collections/ansible.utils: README.md

## Release notes
<!--Add a link to a changelog.md file or an external docsite to cover this information. -->
Release notes are available [here](https://github.com/ansible-collections/ansible.utils/blob/main/changelogs/CHANGELOG.rst)
For automated release announcements refer [here](https://twitter.com/AnsibleContent).

## Roadmap

> For information on releasing, versioning and deprecation refer [stratergy document](https://access.redhat.com/articles/4993781).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information on releasing, versioning and deprecation see the  [stratergy document](https://access.redhat.com/articles/4993781).
```

In general, major versions can contain breaking changes, while minor versions only contain new features (like new plugin addition) and bugfixes.

> The releases will be done on need basis as and when new features and/or bugfixes are done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The releases will be done on an as-needed basis when new features and/or bugfixes are done.
```
